docs: clarify browser support and add issue severity classification (#4662)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: CONTRIBUTING.md

-   What you would expect to happen
-   What actually happens
-   Notes (for example why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)
-   Issue severity

### Issue severity classification

> Providing the correct issue severity classification allows us to more adequately assess and prioritize your issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing the correct issue severity classification helps us adequately assess and prioritize your issue.
```

Author: Updated.

| -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **SEV 1**      | A critical design or functionality issue that breaks the design system, causes significant usability problems, or exposes critical security vulnerabilities. This issue impacts all users and/or essential workflows, making users unwilling or unable to complete any tasks. Requires immediate attention.                                           | Broken navigation system, complete unresponsiveness on all devices, components not rendering, inaccessible primary actions, security vulnerabilities. Accessibility: The end user is not able to access the product or complete core user tasks or activities (key navigational elements not accessible via keyboard, missing or incorrect form labels that prevent screen reader users from completing forms or actions, critical color contrast issues that prevent users from reading or interacting with essential content). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SEV 1**      | A critical design or functionality issue that breaks the design system, causes significant usability problems, or exposes critical security vulnerabilities. This issue impacts all users and/or essential workflows, making users unable to complete any tasks. Requires immediate attention.                                           | Broken navigation system, complete unresponsiveness on all devices, components not rendering, inaccessible primary actions, security vulnerabilities. Accessibility: The end user is not able to complete core tasks or activities (key navigational elements not accessible via keyboard, missing or incorrect form labels that prevent screen reader users from completing forms or actions, critical color contrast issues that prevent users from reading or interacting with essential content). |
```
Minor wording adjustments.
Also, can we add a newline to the accessibility examples to make it easier to read?

Author: Updated.

> | **SEV 2**      | A significant problem affecting the design, usability or functionality of the system or components for a subset of users. These issues cause major disruptions and prevent users from completing tasks or workflows. Accessibility: Does not conform with WCAG 2.1 Level AA criteria and blocks core user tasks (no known workaround).                | Content that is out of view or unreachable by customers, critical buttons or links not functioning or actions that cannot be submitted. Unintentional breaking changes causing disruptions in production environments. Accessibility: Issue with a component or controller with widespread use and blocks core user tasks (no known workaround).                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SEV 2**      | A significant problem affecting the design, usability or functionality of the system or components for a subset of users. These issues cause major disruptions and prevent users from completing tasks or workflows. Accessibility: Does not conform with WCAG 2.1 Level AA criteria and blocks core user tasks (no known workaround).                | Content that is out of view or unreachable by customers, critical buttons or links not functioning, or actions that cannot be submitted. Unintentional breaking changes causing disruptions in production environments. Accessibility: Issue with a component or controller with widespread use and blocks core user tasks (no known workaround).                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

Please add newline between different categories of examples, too.

Author: Updated.

> | **SEV 3**      | A design or functionality issue that causes noticeable errors or minor usability problems for users. These defects cause confusion or degrade user experience but do not prevent task completion. Accessibility: Does not conform with WCAG 2.1 Level AA criteria and is either non-blocking for core user tasks or blocking for non-core user tasks. | Misleading labels, inconsistent component behavior, unexpected interactions, decreases in system performance. Accessibility: Workarounds are available and discoverable for the end user to complete core user tasks, or the end user is not able to complete non-core user tasks (inadequate ARIA labels, improper focus management, insufficient color contrast for non-critical elements).                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SEV 3**      | A design or functionality issue that causes noticeable errors or minor usability problems for users which either cause confusion or degrade the user experience, but do not prevent task completion. Accessibility: Does not conform with WCAG 2.1 Level AA criteria and is either non-blocking for core user tasks or blocking for non-core user tasks. | Misleading labels, inconsistent component behavior, unexpected interactions, decreases in system performance. Accessibility: Workarounds are available and discoverable for the end user to complete core user tasks, or the end user is not able to complete non-core user tasks (inadequate ARIA labels, improper focus management, insufficient color contrast for non-critical elements).                                                                                                                                    |
```
Minor tweak + newlines pleaseee

Author: Updated.

> | **SEV 4**      | A minor design flaw that affects user experience but doesn't have a serious impact on overall usability or functionality. These issues do not prevent users from completing tasks. Accessibility: Does not conform with WCAG 2.1 Level AA criteria but has lower user impact.                                                                         | Minor visual inconsistencies, non-critical content misalignment, or minor layout issues. Accessibility: A WCAG violation is present in areas not frequently visited by end users or has a lower impact on overall accessibility and usability.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SEV 4**      | A minor design flaw that affects user experience, but doesn't have a serious impact on overall usability or functionality. These issues do not prevent users from completing tasks. Accessibility: Does not conform with WCAG 2.1 Level AA criteria but has lower user impact.                                                                         | Minor visual inconsistencies, non-critical content misalignment, or minor layout issues. Accessibility: A WCAG violation is present in areas not frequently visited by end users, or it has a lower impact on overall accessibility and usability.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

Minor tweaks + request for newlines

Author: Updated.

We maintain a specific standard of commit messages while committing to the respository. See [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary)

> ## Browsers support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browser support
```

> When contributing to our system, please consider the target browsers we support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When contributing to our system or filing an issue, please consider the target browsers we support.
```

Author: Updated.
